label,sms
ham,"\Hi darlin i cantdo anythingtomorrow as myparents aretaking me outfor a meal. when are u free? Katexxx\"""""
ham,K..k:)how about your training process?
ham,K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way
ham,Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
spam,FreeMsg>FAV XMAS TONES!Reply REAL
ham,"A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND"
ham," said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! "
ham,Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham,"Almost there, see u in a sec"
ham,"7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\""... good morning dear"""
ham,Feel like trying kadeem again? :V
ham,No. But we'll do medical missions to nigeria
ham,:-) :-)
ham,"OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK."
ham,Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
ham,Ok set let u noe e details later...
ham,"Best msg: It's hard to be with a person, when u know that one more step foward will make u fall in love.. &amp; One step back can ruin ur friendship.. good night:-) ..."
ham,Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham,"She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together &amp; fuelled by love &amp; concern prior 2 her grief &amp; pain. Pls join in dis chain &amp; pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN."
ham,K do I need a login or anything
ham,Then anything special?
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code: 49557 Expires 26/11/04
ham,Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
ham,"Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... "
ham,"Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?"
spam,Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY å£10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham,aathi..where are you dear..
spam,New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693. 08715500022 rpl Stop 2 cnl
ham,"Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th"
ham,"Hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please "
ham,"He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary"
ham,"Aight, lemme know what's up"
ham,Mm that time you dont like fun
ham,Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
ham,I was slept that time.you there?
ham,"Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)"
ham,Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
ham,When should I come over?
ham,Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
spam,"This is the 2nd attempt to contract U, you have won this weeks top prize of either å£1000 cash or å£200 prize. Just call 09066361921"
spam,YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a å£150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386
ham,That's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
ham,"Yeah, probably here for a while"
ham,Then u drive lor.
ham,R u still working now?
ham,I cant wait to see you! How were the photos were useful? :)
ham,"alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight"
spam,"YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call"
ham,Can Ì_ call me at 10:10 to make sure dat i've woken up...
ham,Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
ham,I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did Ì_ leave a line in between paragraphs?
spam,WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea å£900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
ham,Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
ham,Pls speak to that customer machan.
ham,Its a part of checking IQ
ham,After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham,Ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
ham,We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is &lt;#&gt;
ham,Remember to ask alex about his pizza
ham,No let me do the math. Your not good at it.
ham,Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
ham,SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
ham,"Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit"
ham,Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
ham,So why didnt you holla?
ham,"Yes, princess. Toledo."
ham,Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
spam,A å£400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a å£400 reward. Just call 09066380611
ham,Well then you have a great weekend!
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08715203685 Identifier Code:4xx26 Expires 13/10/04
ham,Yo! Howz u? girls never rang after india. L
ham,"Single line with a big meaning::::: \Miss anything 4 ur \""Best Life\"" but"
spam,lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham,Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
ham,Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
ham,K:)k.are you in college?
ham,Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
ham,"My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-).."
ham,I want to be inside you every night...
ham,This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
ham,"Customer place, i wil cal u sir."
ham,I just lov this line: \Hurt me with the truth
ham,My computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  &lt;#&gt; /7
ham,Ok lor. I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
ham,Customer place i will call you.
ham,I love to wine and dine my lady!
spam,Gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send STOP to 89070
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
ham,"No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?"
ham,What happened in interview?
ham,"I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*"
ham,Bugis oso near wat... 
ham,"wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston."
ham,Ok ill tell the company
ham,Hey now am free you can call me.
ham,Then mum's repent how?
ham,I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can Ì_ get it fr him..
ham,"Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel..."
ham,Yes.he have good crickiting mind
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203656 Identifier Code: 42049 Expires 26/10/04
ham,"Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat..."
ham,Huh so fast... Dat means u havent finished painting?
ham,Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
ham,What time should I tell my friend to be around?
ham,"Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf"
ham,Then Ì_ wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c Ì_ then i go get my car then come back n pick Ì_.
ham,Short But Cute: \Be a good person
ham,S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
ham,Indeed and by the way it was either or - not both !
ham,No. She's currently in scotland for that.
ham,No it was cancelled yeah baby! Well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love Kate x
ham,She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
ham,Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
ham,if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
ham,"You at mu? You should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and I are trying to figure out our weed budget"
ham,Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
spam,SMS SERVICES For your inclusive text credits pls gotto www.comuk.net login 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP no extra charge help 08702840625 comuk.220cm2 9AE
spam,Please call Amanda with regard to renewing or upgrading your current T-Mobile handset free of charge. Offer ends today. Tel 0845 021 3680 subject to T's and C's
ham,"Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight"
ham,Or just do that 6times
ham,U should make a fb list
ham,Oooh I got plenty of those!
ham,At 4. Let's go to bill millers
ham,"Ola would get back to you maybe not today but I ve told him you can be his direct link in the US in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. Or U????? For a partnership where U????? Invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!U??Wud b self reliant soon dnt worry"
spam,SplashMobile: Choose from 1000s of gr8 tones each wk! This is a subscrition service with weekly tones costing 300p. U have one credit - kick back and ENJOY
spam,"As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a å£1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589"
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,"Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. "
ham,I like cheap! But i‰Û÷m happy to splash out on the wine if it makes you feel better..
ham,Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,"Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight."
ham,"Argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at"
ham,Why did I wake up on my own &gt;:(
ham,Actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
ham,New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
ham,Super msg da:)nalla timing.
ham,ÌÏ collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
ham,Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
ham,I am not having her number sir
ham,I calls you later. Afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. I can hear you but you cann't listen me.
ham,I wish u were here. I feel so alone
ham,Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
ham,Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour.
ham,Were gonna go get some tacos
ham,"whatever, im pretty pissed off."
ham,alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
ham,"My painful personal thought- \I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone\"""""
ham,Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
ham,"Yes..but they said its IT.,"
ham,Yup ok...
ham,Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng!
ham,"Just sent you an email ‰ÛÒ to an address with incomm in it, is that right?"
ham,"Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight"
ham,Cold. Dont be sad dear
ham,Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it.
ham,HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW XXX
ham,Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
ham,Oh is it! Which brand?
ham,"The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL"
ham,You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
spam,Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a å£350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your å£350 award.
ham,Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham,Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham,Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
ham,My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
ham,Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham,Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
ham,"\Thinking of u ;) x\"""""
ham,Roger that. We‰Û÷re probably going to rem in about 20
ham,Congrats ! Treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.Respect mother at home.check mails.
spam,Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
ham,Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
ham,Hi' Test on  &lt;#&gt; rd ....
ham,Lmao!nice 1
ham,K.k:)when are you going?
ham,Are you free now?can i call now?
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808 XXXXXX shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899217 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
ham,Lol no. Just trying to make your day a little more interesting
ham,"As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there."
ham,Ok lor then we go tog lor...
spam,Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or å£250 cash every wk. Txt VPOD to 81303 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham,Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
ham,What time is ur flight tmr?
ham,If you hear a loud scream in about &lt;#&gt; minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
ham,Yes when is the appt again?
ham,S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
ham,That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
ham,"I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?"
ham,"Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day."
ham,Who u talking about?
spam,"tddnewsletter@emc1.co.uk (More games from TheDailyDraw) Dear Helen, Dozens of Free Games - with great prizesWith.."
ham,I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
ham,"Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '"
ham,Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
ham,"Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc"
ham,Why do you ask princess?
ham,Aiyo a bit pai seh Ì_ noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
ham,He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
ham,Are you driving or training?
ham,Enjoy urself tmr...
ham,Did u got that persons story
ham,Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
ham,"Best line said in Love: . \I will wait till the day I can forget u Or The day u realize that u cannot forget me.\""... Gn"""
ham,Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
ham,No need to ke qi... ÌÏ too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
ham,"[‰Û_] anyway, many good evenings to u! s"
ham,"I can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. I can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. So i calls you later."
ham,Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
ham,For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
ham,Its a big difference.  &lt;#&gt;  versus  &lt;#&gt;  every  &lt;#&gt; hrs
ham,They finally came to fix the ceiling.
ham,Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
spam,As a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 å£100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 Whats No1 in the BBC charts
spam,"As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr"
ham,Moji just informed me that you saved our lives. Thanks.
ham,Forgot to tell Ì_ smth.. Can Ì_ like number the sections so that it's clearer..
ham,You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
ham,I uploaded mine to Facebook
ham,"Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye."
ham,ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham,"Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it...."
ham,K...k...when will you give treat?
ham,She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . Ques- which colour suits me the best?
ham,"see you then, we're all christmassy here!"
ham,Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
spam,GSOH? Good with SPAM the ladies?U could b a male gigolo? 2 join the uk's fastest growing mens club reply ONCALL. mjzgroup. 08714342399.2stop reply STOP. msg@å£1.50rcvd
ham,Sat right? Okay thanks... 
ham,I will come tomorrow di
ham,Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
ham,Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,"Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything."
ham,O ic lol. Should play 9 doors sometime yo
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,"That's good, because I need drugs"
ham,He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei. ÌÏ got a lot of work ar?
ham,Just woke up. Yeesh its late. But I didn't fall asleep til &lt;#&gt; am :/
ham,Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
ham,Xy trying smth now. U eat already? We havent...
ham,"Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say \HELLO\"" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? \""Margaret Hello\"" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person"
ham,Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
ham,It means u could not keep ur words.
ham,Ya! when are Ì_ taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
ham,"Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready..."
ham,Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
ham,Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
ham,All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
ham,Watching tv lor...
ham,Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
ham,I'm turning off my phone. My moms telling everyone I have cancer. And my sister won't stop calling. It hurts to talk. Can't put up with it. See u when u get home. Love u
ham,Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
ham,"sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet"
ham,I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham,"What will we do in the shower, baby?"
ham,Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
spam,Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham,"Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can"
ham,Have you finished work yet? :)
ham,Thank u!
ham,I love working from home :)
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
ham,I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel.
ham,I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
ham,Did u download the fring app?
ham,Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
ham,Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
ham,I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
ham,I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
ham,K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
ham,You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
ham,"It's cool, we can last a little while. Getting more any time soon?"
ham,"Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace."
spam,"SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info"
ham,"I just got home babe, are you still awake ?"
spam,"YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins"
ham,Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
ham,"Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet"
ham,Congrats kano..whr s the treat maga?
ham,I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
ham,S..antha num corrct dane
ham,And how's your husband.
ham,"I can probably come by, everybody's done around  &lt;#&gt;  right?"
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham,Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
ham,Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
ham,\ER
spam,"This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the å£400 prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 087104711148 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate"
ham,Uncle boye. I need movies oh. Guide me. Plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. And the system is slowing down. What should i do. Have a gr8 day. Plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. How was the honey moon.
ham,You didnt complete your gist oh.
ham,What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
ham,THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
ham,Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
ham,"Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days"
ham,Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham,"I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me."
ham,"They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation."
ham,How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
spam,TBS/PERSOLVO. been chasing us since Sept forå£38 definitely not paying now thanks to your information. We will ignore them. Kath. Manchester.
ham,Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham,"Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)"
ham,Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
spam,"Oh my god! I've found your number again! I'm so glad, text me back xafter this msgs cst std ntwk chg å£1.50"
ham,Daddy will take good care of you :)
ham,Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
ham,I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
spam,+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the å£1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
spam,"Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play å£250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088"
spam,You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p på£3.99
ham,There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
ham,Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
ham,Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
ham,I anything lor...
ham,Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
spam,Congratulations YOU'VE Won. You're a Winner in our August å£1000 Prize Draw. Call 09066660100 NOW. Prize Code 2309.
ham,Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
ham,Fine am simply sitting.
ham,And smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
ham,"Hey , is * rite u put åÈ10 evey mnth is that all?"
ham,I didn't get the second half of that message
ham,You give us back my id proof and  &lt;#&gt;  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
ham,No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
ham,Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
ham,Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
ham,The new deus ex game comin early next yr
ham,Im just wondering what your doing right now?
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. PoBox45W2TG150P"
spam,Am new 2 club & dont fink we met yet Will B gr8 2 C U Please leave msg 2day wiv ur area 09099726553 reply promised CARLIE x Callså£1/minMobsmore LKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham,Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
spam,"FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, å£1.50 to rcv"
ham,Oh Howda gud gud.. Mathe en samachara chikku:-)
ham,WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
ham,Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
ham,Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz havenåÕt sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
ham,Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANYxxxxx
ham,Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
ham,says the  &lt;#&gt;  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  &lt;#&gt; . Still waiting for that check.
ham,I dont have i shall buy one dear
ham,I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.
ham,"Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him"
ham,Should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. Should i buy him new or used. Let me know. Plus are you saying i should buy the  &lt;#&gt; g wifi ipad. And what are you saying about the about the  &lt;#&gt; g?
ham,ILL B DOWN SOON
ham,Ok lor.
ham,But i'll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
ham,Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham,Any way where are you and what doing.
spam,"England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/Ì¼1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+"
ham,Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
ham,"Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng"
ham,I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
ham,"Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*"
ham,I need you to be in my strong arms...
spam,I'd like to tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. Call me 09094646631 just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham,"Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite"
spam,"URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a å£2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150PPM"
ham,Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet latelyxxx
ham,at bruce b downs &amp; fletcher now
ham,Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
ham,He remains a bro amongst bros
spam,RT-KIng Pro Video Club>> Need help? info@ringtoneking.co.uk or call 08701237397 You must be 16+ Club credits redeemable at www.ringtoneking.co.uk! Enjoy!
ham,I've reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now...
ham,God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
ham,"Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)"
spam,"WIN: We have a winner! Mr. T. Foley won an iPod! More exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk"
ham,"Hello, my love ! How went your day ? Are you alright ? I think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... I LOVE YOU! Can you hear it ? I screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. Ahmad al Hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*"
ham,Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= &lt;#&gt;  9+2+4= &lt;#&gt;  8+6+3= &lt;#&gt;  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
ham,It's Ì© only $140 ard...Ìä rest all ard $180 at least...Which is Ì© price 4 Ì© 2 bedrm ($900)
ham,Whom you waited for yesterday
ham,"Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense."
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham,Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
ham,Anytime lor...
ham,"\Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence...\"" Gud mrng:-)"""
ham,"Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there."
spam,(Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham,I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
ham,"I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me."
ham,I am late. I will be there at
ham,I'm at work. Please call
ham,"Nowadays people are notixiquating the laxinorficated opportunity for bambling of entropication.... Have you ever oblisingately opted ur books for the masteriastering amplikater of fidalfication? It is very champlaxigating, i think it is atrocious.. Wotz Ur Opinion???? Junna"
ham,Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
ham,How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
ham,No chikku nt yet.. Ya i'm free
ham,I borrow ur bag ok.
ham,:( but your not here....
spam,"For ur chance to win a å£250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk"
ham,"Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\"" GOODMORNING"""
ham,"\Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx\"""""
ham,Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
ham,Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham,Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
ham,I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6
ham,LOL ... No just was busy
ham,Oh ok.. Wat's ur email?
spam,"Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q="
ham,Thank u. IT BETTER WORK OUT CAUSE I WILL FEEL USED OTHERWISE
ham,"sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later."
ham,"Nah, Wednesday. When should I bring the mini cheetos bag over?"
ham,ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY
ham,"I had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. My rent is due and i dont have enough for it. My reserves are completely gone. Its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. The balance is  &lt;#&gt; . Is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back."
ham,"Good morning, my boytoy! How's those yummy lips ? Where's my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?"
ham,"Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch..."
spam,"FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com"
ham,"Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu"
ham,"Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \I LOVE U\"" day. Send dis to all ur \""VALUED FRNDS\"" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr"""
ham,Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml ‰ÛÒ hope ok.
ham,I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
ham,Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
spam,"Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+"
ham,"I'm not sure, I was just checking out what was happening around the area"
ham,Like a personal sized or what
ham,"My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar"
ham,K k :-):-) then watch some films.
ham,"Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? "
ham,You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
spam,Reply to win å£100 weekly! What professional sport does Tiger Woods play? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
ham,He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
ham,We stopped to get ice cream and will go back after
ham,"I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones"
ham,"Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now..."
ham,Ok good then i later come find Ì_... C lucky i told Ì_ to go earlier... Later pple take finish Ì_ no more again...
ham,Still at west coast... Haiz... ÌÏ'll take forever to come back...
ham,"Nope, I'm still in the market"
ham,Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! I'm staying skyving off today ho ho! Will be around wednesday though. Do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
ham,That seems unnecessarily hostile
spam,This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the å£1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718725756. 140ppm
ham,"Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning"
ham,Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
ham,About  &lt;#&gt; bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.
ham,I think u have the wrong number.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later ok bye"
ham,Okay... We wait ah
spam,"SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS w/question. End? Reply END JSCO"
ham,Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
ham,Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
ham,You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,\HEY KATE
ham,It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
ham,Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
ham,But i'm surprised she still can guess right lor...
ham,I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
ham,Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
ham,All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
ham,Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
ham,"The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL"
ham,Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
spam,"U can WIN å£100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.ldew.com SkillGame,1Winaweek, age16.150ppermessSubscription"
ham,Nvm... I'm going to wear my sport shoes anyway... I'm going to be late leh.
ham,You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
ham,Ok i vl..do u know i got adsense approved..
ham,Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
ham,Oh ok no prob..
ham,So Ì_ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham,U call me alter at 11 ok.
ham,You will be in the place of that man
ham,Goodmorning sleeping ga.
ham,DO U WANT 2 MEET UP 2MORRO
ham,"Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?"
spam,"SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE"
ham,"Hello, As per request from  &lt;#&gt;  Rs.5 has been transfered to you"
ham,Bognor it is! Should be splendid at this time of year.
ham,Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ?
spam,You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
ham,Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
spam,"Hi there, 2nights ur lucky night! Uve been invited 2 XCHAT, the Uks wildest chat! Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs"
ham,Heehee that was so funny tho
spam,Want the latest Video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham,He is there. You call and meet him
ham,"K, if u bored up just come to my home.."
ham,Hey. You got any mail?
ham,Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
ham,Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
spam,"Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the å£2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726978 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate"
ham,"Goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. Because of back pain."
ham,Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
ham,Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
ham,I am great! How are you?
spam,Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
spam,"Welcome to UK-mobile-date this msg is FREE giving you free calling to 08719839835. Future mgs billed at 150p daily. To cancel send \go stop\"" to 89123"""
ham,No did you check? I got his detailed message now
ham,Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
ham,Ok...
ham,How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
ham,Here got ur favorite oyster... N got my favorite sashimi... Ok lar i dun say already... Wait ur stomach start rumbling...
ham,Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
ham,Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
ham,I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
ham,U're welcome... Caught u using broken english again...
ham,Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
spam,"FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3xå£150pw to eå£nd txt stop"
ham,4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
ham,"Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?"
spam,GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a å£1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham,I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
ham,"Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs."
ham,Went to ganesh dress shop
ham,K.k..how is your sister kids?
ham,As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham,Oh k.k..where did you take test?
ham,Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
ham,S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
ham,"By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x"
ham,Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif Ì_ lei... 
ham,"Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe"
ham,"New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!"
ham,Are u coming to the funeral home
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Do you want bold 2 or bb torch
ham,I will reach office around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &amp; my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
ham,I want to see your pretty pussy...
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
ham,Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
spam,Check Out Choose Your Babe Videos @ sms.shsex.netUN fgkslpoPW fgkslpo
ham,Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
ham,"New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!"
spam,Jamster! To get your free wallpaper text HEART to 88888 now! T&C apply. 16 only. Need Help? Call 08701213186.
ham,"St andre, virgil's cream"
ham,"K, want us to come by now?"
ham,hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
ham,Which channel:-):-):):-).
ham,G wants to know where the fuck you are
ham,"Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow"
ham,"\BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & IåÕLLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX.\"""""
spam,"Text82228>> Get more ringtones, logos and games from www.txt82228.com. Questions: info@txt82228.co.uk"
ham,"Can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? All you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. Thanks."
ham,"that would be good ‰Û_ I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?"
ham,I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
ham,Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
ham,Have you been practising your curtsey?
ham,Tell me pa. How is pain de.
ham,Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
ham,hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
spam,Block Breaker now comes in deluxe format with new features and great graphics from T-Mobile. Buy for just å£5 by replying GET BBDELUXE and take the challenge
ham,Dear where you. Call me
ham,Ok
ham,S.i'm watching it in live..
ham,Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
spam,"FREE GAME. Get Rayman Golf 4 FREE from the O2 Games Arcade. 1st get UR games settings. Reply POST, then save & activ8. Press 0 key for Arcade. Termsapply"
spam,"Hey Boys. Want hot XXX pics sent direct 2 ur phone? Txt PORN to 69855, 24Hrs free and then just 50p per day. To stop text STOPBCM SF WC1N3XX"
ham,Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
ham,"Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?"
ham,"The gas station is like a block away from my house, you'll drive right by it since armenia ends at swann and you have to take howard"
ham,", how's things? Just a quick question."
ham,I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
ham,"Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today."
spam,"Latest News! Police station toilet stolen, cops have nothing to go on!"
ham,YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
ham,"I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room"
ham,Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
ham,Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
ham,Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
ham,Also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week I have a new bong &gt;:(
ham," says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !"
ham,"K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;"
ham,You in your room? I need a few
ham,"Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor"
ham,"Today is \song dedicated day..\"" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."""
ham,Serious? What like proper tongued her
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham,Neva mind it's ok..
spam,"Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\"" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML"
ham,I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
ham,I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
ham,Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
ham,And several to you sir.
ham,Got smaller capacity one? Quite ex...
ham,Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham,Same as kallis dismissial in 2nd test:-).
ham,If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
spam,IMPORTANT MESSAGE. This is a final contact attempt. You have important messages waiting out our customer claims dept. Expires 13/4/04. Call 08717507382 NOW!
ham,We took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! Splat! Grazed my knees and everything! Should have stayed at home! See you tomorrow! 
ham,I've reached sch already...
ham,Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
ham,Discussed with your mother ah?
ham,I want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
ham,Do Ì_ all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
ham,"Babe, I need your advice"
ham,We can make a baby in yo tho
spam,RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham,U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
ham,"Aight, tomorrow around  &lt;#&gt;  it is"
ham,"I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe"
ham,What time you thinkin of goin?
ham,So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on.
ham,Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
ham,May i call You later Pls
spam,"LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe!, you've been charged 35p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto 32323."
ham,I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham,Jus finished avatar nigro
ham,Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
ham,Ok lor thanx... ÌÏ in school?
ham,Gam gone after outstanding innings.
ham,You flippin your shit yet?
ham,"(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)"
ham,\YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT
ham,I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
ham,"Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola."
ham,I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
ham,"Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well."
ham,"Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards."
ham,"Give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know."
spam,"Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply. To stop texts, txt STOP to 80062"
spam,"Xmas & New Years Eve tickets are now on sale from the club, during the day from 10am till 8pm, and on Thurs, Fri & Sat night this week. They're selling fast!"
ham,Are you going to wipro interview today?
ham,Ok... The theory test? when are Ì_ going to book? I think it's on 21 may. Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. But she isnt free
ham,No that just means you have a fat head
ham,Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
spam,Tone Club: Your subs has now expired 2 re-sub reply MONOC 4 monos or POLYC 4 polys 1 weekly @ 150p per week Txt STOP 2 stop This msg free Stream 0871212025016
ham,Ard 4 lor...
spam,Get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of The Mob! Plus loads more goodies! For more info just text MAT to 87021.
ham,"Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem"
ham,Oh unintentionally not bad timing. Great. Fingers  the trains play along! Will give fifteen min warning.
ham,oh ya... Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... Actually tonight i'm free leh... And there's a kb lesson tonight
ham,Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham,Yes. It's all innocent fun. O:-)
ham,I'm not sure if its still available though
ham,Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
ham,True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
spam,You will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. For Terms and conditions please see Channel U Teletext Pg 750
ham,I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
spam,Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham,"I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first"
ham,WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
ham,Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
ham,Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
ham,Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
ham,I've been trying to reach him without success
ham,"Sorry,in meeting I'll call later"
spam,"Latest Nokia Mobile or iPOD MP3 Player +å£400 proze GUARANTEED! Reply with: WIN to 83355 now! Norcorp Ltd.å£1,50/Mtmsgrcvd18+"
spam,87077: Kick off a new season with 2wks FREE goals & news to ur mobile! Txt ur club name to 87077 eg VILLA to 87077
ham,Omg how did u know what I ate?
ham,"(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)"
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,These won't do. Have to move on to morphine
ham,Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham,"Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy"
ham,Sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
ham,My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
ham,Ok...
ham,Ya just telling abt tht incident..
ham,Got meh... When?
spam,You have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or a å£2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712394 between 10am-7pm
ham,Yo sorry was in the shower sup
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
ham,Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
ham,Stop knowing me so well!
ham,No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
ham,Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,Did u receive my msg?
ham,Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
ham,When you came to hostel.
ham,"If you want to mapquest it or something look up \usf dogwood drive\"""
ham,Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
ham,"Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over."
ham,"In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade"
ham,I take it we didn't have the phone callon Friday. Can we assume we won't have it this year now?
ham,"Get the door, I'm here"
ham,K. Did you call me just now ah? 
ham,"Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that"
ham,Wat happened to the cruise thing
ham,I sent them. Do you like?
ham,For my family happiness..
spam,"Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p"
ham,You do what all you like
ham,I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
ham,Already one guy loving you:-.
ham,"Aight, we'll head out in a few"
ham,Cab is available.they pick up and drop at door steps.
ham,Except theres a chick with huge boobs.
spam,YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A å£350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham,Ok lor. I'm in town now lei.
ham,"What i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6."
ham,Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
ham,Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
ham,"No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?"
ham,am up to my eyes in philosophy
ham,That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
ham,"What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks"
ham,Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,Just got to  &lt;#&gt;
ham,"After my work ah... Den 6 plus lor... U workin oso rite... Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao..."
ham,great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
ham,Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?
ham,"Ok omw now, you at castor?"
ham,How's ur paper?
ham,Leave it wif me lar... ÌÏ wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to Ì_?
ham,Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham,Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
ham,Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
ham,"Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol"
ham,Hey u still at the gym?
ham,Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K
ham,Ok no prob
ham,Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
ham,Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
spam,2p per min to call Germany 08448350055 from your BT line. Just 2p per min. Check PlanetTalkInstant.com for info & T's & C's. Text stop to opt out
ham,Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
ham,Where r e meeting tmr?
ham,I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
ham,K still are you loving me.
ham,"LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONåÕT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONåÕT WORRY."
ham,Just hopeing that wasn‰Û÷t too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
ham,How? Izzit still raining?
ham,Wish i were with you now!
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
ham,ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.B*
ham,Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham,Good Morning plz call me sir
ham,How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
ham,"Hmm, too many of them unfortunately... Pics obviously arent hot cakes. Its kinda fun tho"
ham,Dad says hurry the hell up
ham,No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
ham,"\HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DABOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!\"""""
ham,Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham,"Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?"
ham,"\What are youdoing later? Sar xxx\"""""
ham,Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
ham,Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
ham,"Hello, my love! How goes that day ? I wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. I miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*"
ham,Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
ham,Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
ham,I accidentally brought em home in the box
ham,Dai what this da.. Can i send my resume to this id.
ham,Bring home some Wendy =D
ham,"A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied \Boost is d secret of my energy\"" n instantly d girl shouted \""our energy\"" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8"""
ham,"Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy.."
ham,Going for dinner.msg you after.
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham,Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
ham,ÌÏ give me some time to walk there.
ham,See? I thought it all through
ham,Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:\if it is made by my students
spam,Well done ENGLAND! Get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text TONE or FLAG to 84199 NOW! Opt-out txt ENG STOP. Box39822 W111WX å£1.50
ham,Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
ham,Call me when u're done...
ham,Our ride equally uneventful - not too many of those pesky cyclists around at that time of night ;).
spam,Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently å£500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
ham,U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
ham,Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
ham,His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
ham,"Anyway I don't think I can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill"
ham,Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndZ &amp; See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
ham,Ok. Me watching tv too.
ham,How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch
spam,"FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end"
spam,This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
ham,Is that what time you want me to come?
ham,I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,Two teams waiting for some players
ham,I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
ham,Take some small dose tablet for fever
ham,"K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?"
spam,"WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins"
ham,"\Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit\"""""
ham,I anything lor.
ham,Is ur changes 2 da report big? Cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
ham,Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
ham,"For you information, IKEA is spelled with all caps. That is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. It makes me want to listen to you less."
spam,URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your å£900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
ham,Ok thanx...
ham,Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
ham,HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
ham,There bold 2  &lt;#&gt; . Is that yours
ham,Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
ham,No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
ham,"I got like $ &lt;#&gt; , I can get some more later though. Get whatever you feel like"
ham,Ok... But bag again..
ham,I send the print  outs da.
ham,Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
ham,Eatin my lunch...
ham,"I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me"
ham,Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
spam,"Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! "
ham,None of that's happening til you get here though
ham,\CHA QUITEAMUZING THATåÕSCOOL BABE
ham,Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
ham,My birthday is on feb  &lt;#&gt;  da. .
ham,Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,Did he just say somebody is named tampa
ham,Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  &lt;#&gt;  dollars.
ham,HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!Žö´‰Ó_??‹Û¬ud evening...
ham,"It's ok, at least armand's still around"
ham,Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nÌÂte? 
ham,Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
ham,Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:\if it is made by my students
ham,Hmmm.still we dont have opener?
ham,Quite ok but a bit ex... U better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty...
ham,How long does it take to get it.
ham,K k pa Had your lunch aha.
ham,S da..al r above  &lt;#&gt;
ham, gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day.  is coming. Don't4get2text me  number. 
ham,Ok. How many should i buy.
ham,"Are you being good, baby? :)"
ham,How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
spam,Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
ham,"Just arrived, see you in a couple days &lt;3"
ham,Your bill at 3 is å£33.65 so thats not bad!
ham,Havent.
ham,"Right on brah, see you later"
ham,My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
spam,"Hottest pics straight to your phone!! See me getting Wet and Wanting, just for you xx Text PICS to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 XxX"
ham,"Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday"
ham,Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
ham,Ok i juz receive..
ham,"Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?"
ham,If I die I want u to have all my stuffs.
ham,But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
ham,Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Franxx
ham,"Fyi I'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  &lt;#&gt;  min"
ham,Aaooooright are you at work?
ham,"Christmas is An occasion that is Celebrated as a Reflection of UR... Values..., Desires..., Affections...&amp; Traditions.... Have an ideal Christmas..."
ham,This is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  &lt;#&gt;  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
spam,Wanna have a laugh? Try CHIT-CHAT on your mobile now! Logon by txting the word: CHAT and send it to No: 8883 CM PO Box 4217 London W1A 6ZF 16+ 118p/msg rcvd
ham,ÌÏ only send me the contents page...
spam,85233 FREE>Ringtone!Reply REAL
ham,If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
ham,"I get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?"
ham,How are you. Its been ages. How's abj
ham,Ok...
ham,Im done. Just studyn in library
ham,Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham,V nice! Off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. Busy transcribing. :-)
ham,Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
ham,"Em, its olowoyey@ usc.edu have a great time in argentina. Not sad about secretary, everything is a blessing"
ham,Good morning princess! Happy New Year!
ham,Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
ham,Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
ham,You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
ham,"Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*"
spam,Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your
spam,You can donate å£2.50 to UNICEF's Asian Tsunami disaster support fund by texting DONATE to 864233. å£2.50 will be added to your next bill
ham,"Sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc"
ham,K. I will sent it again
ham,"It's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?"
ham,"Yeah there's quite a bit left, I'll swing by tomorrow when I get up"
ham,Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
ham,Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
ham,"Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?"
spam,okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham,"* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember."
ham,Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham,Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
ham,Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ...
ham,Yeah I don't see why not
ham,*deep sigh* ... I miss you :-( ... I am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... Don't you miss me?
ham,Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
spam,December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
ham,happened here while you were adventuring
ham,Ok i'm coming home now.
ham,Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
ham,Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
ham,"Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: \GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY\"" :)"""
ham,No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham,Lol great now im getting hungry.
spam,"44 7732584351, Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705."
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,Cool. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches long. hope you like them big!
ham,Did you see that film:)
spam,"Win the newest ‰ÛÏHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!"
ham,I fetch yun or u fetch?
ham,"I'm not smoking while people use \wylie smokes too much\"" to justify ruining my shit"""
ham,You still around? Looking to pick up later
ham,Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
ham,\HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY
ham,"Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later"
ham,India have to take lead:)
ham,Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
ham,Networking job is there.
ham,My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
ham,"Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!"
ham,R U &SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
ham,No..its ful of song lyrics..
spam,Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
ham,Ok
ham,At home also.
ham,"Wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. Coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. Gud eveB-)"
ham,Msg me when rajini comes.
ham,WOT U UP 2 J?
ham,Pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham,Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
ham,U coming 2 pick me?
ham,Do we have any spare power supplies
ham,Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
ham,"Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash"
ham,Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
ham,"Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday."
ham,Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
ham,"Just wondering, the others just took off"
ham,"What part of \don't initiate\"" don't you understand"""
ham,K.k.how is your business now?
ham,"Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe"
ham,Hi ....My engagement has been fixd on  &lt;#&gt; th of next month. I know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
ham,"Yo, you around? Just got my car back"
ham,"I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal"
ham,Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
ham,No message..no responce..what happend?
ham,Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number K718. Your mobile will be charged å£4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069120"
ham,Good Morning plz call me sir
ham,Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham,"Well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want"
ham,Yup bathe liao...
ham,"Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Sugar plum ? Loverboy ? I miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* Did you go to the gym too ?"
ham,LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
ham,Thanx 4 sending me home...
ham,Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
spam,Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged å£5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham,Wat uniform? In where get?
ham,Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham,"\AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX.\"""""
ham,Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
ham,"Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!"
ham,Nothing. Can...
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
ham,Should I head straight there or what
spam,TheMob>Yo yo yo-Here comes a new selection of hot downloads for our members to get for FREE! Just click & open the next link sent to ur fone...
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. &lt;#&gt; "
ham,You always make things bigger than they are
spam,Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham,"That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around"
ham,Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
ham,Dont you have message offer
ham,Yup
ham,"Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted"
ham,"It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?"
ham,"Aight no rush, I'll ask jay"
ham,Mom wants to know where you at
ham,What's the significance?
ham,Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
ham,"Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! "
ham,"\OH FUCK. JUSWOKE UP IN A BED ON A BOATIN THE DOCKS. SLEPT WID 25 YEAR OLD. SPINOUT! GIV U DA GOSSIP L8R. XXX\"""""
ham,I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
ham,U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
ham,I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
ham,My phone
ham,Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
ham,Went fast asleep dear.take care.
ham,Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
ham,"Funny fact Nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife Natural disasters just happens"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
spam,Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham,Mystery solved! Just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! Isn't he a sweetie
ham,"Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical"
ham,they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
ham,"No worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage. "
ham,I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
ham,"'An Amazing Quote'' - \Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear....\"""""
ham,Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham,Want to send me a virtual hug?... I need one
ham,"Aight yo, dats straight dogg"
ham,Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
ham,Pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
spam,We currently have a message awaiting your collection. To collect your message just call 08718723815.
ham,Apps class varaya elaya.
ham,"Yeah why not, is the gang all ready"
spam,thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
ham,\HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS
ham,Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
ham,Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
spam,Your weekly Cool-Mob tones are ready to download !This weeks new Tones include: 1) Crazy Frog-AXEL F>>> 2) Akon-Lonely>>> 3) Black Eyed-Dont P >>>More info in n
ham,Have you emigrated or something? Ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
ham,ELLO BABE U OK?
ham,She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
ham,No. It's not pride. I'm almost  &lt;#&gt;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
ham,Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
ham,Depends on where u going lor.
spam,"Dear Voucher Holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your PC go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply.2 stop texts txt STOP to 80062."
ham,I'm still pretty weak today .. Bad day ?
ham,No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?
spam,Kit Strip - you have been billed 150p. Netcollex Ltd. PO Box 1013 IG11 OJA
spam,You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham,Dear umma she called me now :-)
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a å£900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701851. Claim code K61. Valid 12hours only
ham,Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
ham,"Ya, i'm referin to mei's ex wat... No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards..."
ham,"Hi Chikku, send some nice msgs"
ham,Yes fine 
ham,R we going with the  &lt;#&gt;  bus?
ham,K. I will sent it again
ham,Yup
ham,I'm e person who's doing e sms survey...
ham,", im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, "
ham,"I am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye."
ham,Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham,Hi its in durban are you still on this number
ham,I'm also came to room.
ham,I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
spam,"u r subscribed 2 TEXTCOMP 250 wkly comp. 1st wk?s free question follows, subsequent wks charged@150p/msg.2 unsubscribe txt STOP 2 84128,custcare 08712405020"
ham,And by when you're done I mean now
ham,Ok no problem... Yup i'm going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
ham,Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
ham,"Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\"". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing."""
ham,"&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read..."
ham,"No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing."
ham,HELLO PEACH! MY CAKE TASTS LUSH!
ham,Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
ham,Send to someone else :-)
ham,"Cool, I'll text you in a few"
ham,I wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. Got any space
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
ham,Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it...
ham,What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
ham,"\CHEERS U TEX MECAUSE U WEREBORED! YEAH OKDEN HUNNY R UIN WK SAT?SOUNDåÕS LIKEYOUR HAVIN GR8FUN J! KEEP UPDAT COUNTINLOTS OF LOVEME XXXXX.\"""""
ham,Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
ham,K.i will send in  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham,CERI U REBEL! SWEET DREAMZ ME LITTLE BUDDY!! C YA 2MORO! WHO NEEDS BLOKES
ham,So what u doing today?
ham,Dad went out oredi... 
spam,Adult 18 Content Your video will be with you shortly
ham,Yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... I where got zhong se qing you? If u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
ham,NOT MUCH NO FIGHTS. IT WAS A GOOD NITE!!
ham,Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham,I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
ham,I can't describe how lucky you are that I'm actually awake by noon
ham,Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
ham,"A boy was late 2 home. His father: \POWER OF FRNDSHIP\"""""
ham,Ok lor wat time Ì_ finish?
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899230 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
ham,Now project pa. After that only i can come.
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
spam,"FreeMSG You have been awarded a FREE mini DIGITAL CAMERA, just reply SNAP to collect your prize! (quizclub Opt out? Stop 80122300p/wk SP:RWM Ph:08704050406)"
ham,"Today is \song dedicated day..\"" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."""
ham,Ok which your another number
ham,Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
ham,What is your record for one night? :)
ham,I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
spam,Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham,When/where do I pick you up
ham,"Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds.."
ham,He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham,Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
ham,Doing project w frens lor. 
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,"Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better."
ham,"Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?"
ham,"The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel"
ham,Ya had just now.onion roast.
ham,Have you seen who's back at Holby?!
ham,"Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ..."
ham,Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
ham,No..jst change tat only..
ham,Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
ham,Will do. Have a good day
ham,Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
ham,I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before I was even born!
ham,Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
ham,Finish liao... U?
ham,Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham,Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
ham,I know you mood off today
ham,Waiting for your call.
spam,"Double Mins & 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia with Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/HF8"
ham,"So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already"
ham,"Hi Jon, Pete here, Ive bin 2 Spain recently & hav sum dinero left, Bill said u or ur åÔrents mayb interested in it, I hav 12,000pes, so around å£48, tb, James."
ham,Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
ham,No calls..messages..missed calls
spam,YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a å£150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386 
spam,http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=trueåÁC C RingtoneåÁ
ham,Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
spam,"Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?"
ham,"Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around"
ham,Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
spam,CLAIRE here am havin borin time & am now alone U wanna cum over 2nite? Chat now 09099725823 hope 2 C U Luv CLAIRE xx Callså£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham,No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham,Ok. But i finish at 6.
ham,"Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say..."
ham,I.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
ham,So what about you. What do you remember
spam,Sexy Singles are waiting for you! Text your AGE followed by your GENDER as wither M or F E.G.23F. For gay men text your AGE followed by a G. e.g.23G.
ham,Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
ham,Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
ham,Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
ham,"I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day."
ham,Done it but internet connection v slow and can‰Û÷t send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.
ham,How much it will cost approx . Per month.
ham,"Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car"
ham,Hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. ItåÕs the least a unique person like u deserve. Sleep tight or morning
ham,Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
ham,"Probably, want to pick up more?"
ham,Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
ham,Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
ham,Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
ham,"Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. "
spam,"3 FREE TAROT TEXTS! Find out about your love life now! TRY 3 FOR FREE! Text CHANCE to 85555 16 only! After 3 Free, Msgs å£1.50 each"
spam,You have won a guaranteed å£200 award or even å£1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP. RG21 4JX
ham,Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham,K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham,Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
ham,No message..no responce..what happend?
ham,"We know TAJ MAHAL as symbol of love. But the other lesser known facts 1. Mumtaz was Shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. Shahjahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. Mumtaz died in her  &lt;#&gt; th delivery. 4. He then married Mumtaz's sister. Question arises where the Hell is the LOVE?:-| -The Great Hari-"
ham,How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
ham,"Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty"
ham,"It‰Û÷s reassuring, in this crazy world."
ham,ÌÏ come lt 25 n pass to me lar
ham,Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
ham,‰Û_ and don‰Û÷t worry we‰Û÷ll have finished by march ‰Û_ ish!
ham,"I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!"
ham,Yar but they say got some error.
ham,We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
ham,All day working day:)except saturday and sunday..
ham,"I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?"
ham,I will come tomorrow di
ham,But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
ham,&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot
ham,"Er, hello, things didn‰Û÷t quite go to plan ‰ÛÒ is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off"
ham,Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there
ham,Buzzzz! *grins* Did I buzz your ass? Buzz your chest ? Buzz your cock ? Where do you keep your phone ? Is the vibrator on ? Did you feel it shake ?
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
ham,That seems unnecessarily affectionate
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
ham,Poor girl can't go one day lmao
ham,Yo guess what I just dropped
ham,S:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
spam,No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
spam,XCLUSIVE@CLUBSAISAI 2MOROW 28/5 SOIREE SPECIALE ZOUK WITH NICHOLS FROM PARIS.FREE ROSES 2 ALL LADIES !!! info: 07946746291/07880867867 
ham,Oh...i asked for fun. Haha...take care. Ì_
ham,Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
spam,"Urgent! Please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* Lux Costa Del Sol holiday or å£1000 CASH await collection. ppm 150 SAE T&Cs James 28, EH74RR"
ham,That's significant but dont worry.
ham,"I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday"
spam,Can U get 2 phone NOW? I wanna chat 2 set up meet Call me NOW on 09096102316 U can cum here 2moro Luv JANE xx Callså£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham,"Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody."
ham,I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
ham,Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
spam,"Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07090298926 to re-schedule. Ref:9307622"
ham,Ok. So april. Cant wait
spam,Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham,Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
ham,I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
spam,+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON å£1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. maxå£7. 50
ham,A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
ham,Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
ham,We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
ham,Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
ham,Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham,Short But Cute : \ Be a good person 
ham,Be happy there. I will come after noon
ham,Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham,"This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?"
ham,Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
ham,Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
ham,"Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth"
ham,The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
ham,"\The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!\"""
spam,Money i have won wining number 946 wot do i do next
spam,FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 87077 Get txting and tell ur mates. zed POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham,Hmmm:)how many players selected?
ham,Are you planning to come chennai?
ham,"Daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... U wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?"
spam,CDs 4u: Congratulations ur awarded å£500 of CD gift vouchers or å£125 gift guaranteed & Freeentry 2 å£100 wkly draw xt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16 
spam,Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to 84199. Optout txt ENG STOP Box39822 W111WX å£1.50
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,"Fair enough, anything going on?"
ham,Thx. All will be well in a few months
ham,Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham,Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
ham,"Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?"
ham,Much better now thanks lol
ham,Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
ham,I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
ham,Are you staying in town ?
ham,Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
ham,I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
ham,"Its good, we'll find a way"
ham,How are you holding up?
ham,Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
ham,Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,ARE YOU IN TOWN? THIS IS V. IMPORTANT
ham,Nah dub but je still buff
ham,Do Ì_ noe if ben is going?
spam,EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN å£100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham,"The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?"
ham,Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
ham,"Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early"
ham,"Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?"
spam,Sunshine Quiz! Win a super Sony DVD recorder if you canname the capital of Australia? Text MQUIZ to 82277. B
ham,U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
ham,It is only yesterday true true.
ham,Ard 530 lor. I ok then message Ì_ lor.
ham,Are you this much buzy
ham,What should i eat fo lunch senor
ham,"Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. "
spam,"Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant guess who? CALL 09058095107 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 7, S3XY 150p "
ham,So that takes away some money worries
spam,5p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham,I think it's all still in my car
spam,Dear Voucher holder Have your next meal on us. Use the following link on your pc 2 enjoy a 2 4 1 dining experiencehttp://www.vouch4me.com/etlp/dining.asp
ham,"Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?\""
ham"""
ham,Then dun wear jeans lor...
ham,Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
spam,"SPJanuary Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Don know..wait i will check it.
ham,Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
ham,I'm in class. Will holla later
ham,"Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who \smokes too much\"" for the entire month of february"
ham,Lil fever:) now fine:)
ham,"FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT"
ham,ÌÏ ready then call me...
ham,i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
ham,ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
ham,dont make ne plans for nxt wknd coz she wants us to come down then ok
ham,I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
ham,You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
ham,So u workin overtime nigpun?
ham,Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham,That's necessarily respectful
ham,We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...  
ham,I wont touch you with out your permission.
ham,I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
ham,"Sorry, I can't help you on this."
ham,"There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?"
ham,"Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \I LOVE U\"" day. Send dis to all ur \""VALUED FRNDS\"" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr"""
ham,Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
spam,"Final Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Subs 16"
ham,Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
ham,So i'm doing a list of buyers.
ham,Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
spam,"Urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. Your complementary 4* Tenerife Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO Box 3 WA14 2PX 150ppm 18+ Sender: Hol Offer"
ham,Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
ham,K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
ham,Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham,I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
ham,I know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. Thank you. good night.
ham,Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
ham,Send me yetty's number pls.
ham,U don't remember that old commercial?
ham,it's really getting me down just hanging around.
ham,You still at the game?
ham,"Yeah I should be able to, I'll text you when I'm ready to meet up"
ham,"As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there."
ham,Still in customer place
ham,"Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card"
ham,When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
ham,No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
ham,"Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?"
ham,"Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy"
ham,"Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me."
ham,Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
ham,"Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free.."
ham,"K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else"
ham,"Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary"
ham,You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
ham,Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
ham,"Helloooo... Wake up..! \Sweet\"" \""morning\"" \""welcomes\"" \""You\"" \""Enjoy\"" \""This Day\"" \""with full of joy\"".. \""GUD MRNG\""."""
ham,Yes watching footie but worried we're going to blow it - Phil Neville?
ham,"Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola."
ham,Have a nice day my dear.
ham,Painful words- \I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But
ham,Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham,No need for the drug anymore.
ham,Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
ham,The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
spam,FROM 88066 LOST å£12 HELP
spam,08714712388 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham,Wait . I will msg after  &lt;#&gt;  min.
ham,ÌÏ mean it's confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then... 
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
ham,Send me your resume:-)
ham,I'm home.
ham,Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly.
ham,Its a part of checking IQ
spam,"January Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
ham,I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
ham,Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
spam,"Hi, this is Mandy Sullivan calling from HOTMIX FM...you are chosen to receive å£5000.00 in our Easter Prize draw.....Please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else...."
ham,Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
ham,Holy living christ what is taking you so long
ham,on a Tuesday night r u 4 real
ham,Jus finish bathing...
spam,Please CALL 08712402578 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham,I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
ham,Goodmorning today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
ham,Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
ham,Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
ham,Dont kick coco when he's down
ham,"Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!"
ham,You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
spam,Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to latest Orange camera/video phones for FREE. Save å£s with Free texts/weekend calls. Text YES for a callback orno to opt out
ham,Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
spam,"This weeks SavaMob member offers are now accessible. Just call 08709501522 for details! SavaMob, POBOX 139, LA3 2WU. Only å£1.50/week. SavaMob - offers mobile!"
ham,Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
ham,Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham,"Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... "
spam,"Rock yr chik. Get 100's of filthy films &XXX pics on yr phone now. rply FILTH to 69669. Saristar Ltd, E14 9YT 08701752560. 450p per 5 days. Stop2 cancel"
ham,Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
ham,Once free call me sir.
ham,I'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
ham,"Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... \ I will be with YOU \"" Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear.."""
ham,Not..tel software name..
ham,ALRITE
ham,Come aftr  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; ..now i m cleaning the house
ham,I'll probably be around mu a lot
ham,U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
ham,"Come around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time"
ham,If i not meeting Ì_ all rite then i'll go home lor. If Ì_ dun feel like comin it's ok.
ham,In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
ham,Early bird! Any purchases yet?
ham,"Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must."
ham,"And that is the problem. You walk around in \julianaland\"" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad."""
spam,U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094599
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,"Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day..."
ham,No she didnt. I will search online and let you know.
ham,I think if he rule tamilnadu..then its very tough for our people.
spam,Someone has conacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you!To find out who it is call from landline 09111030116. PoBox12n146tf15
ham,Try neva mate!!
ham,What happen dear tell me
ham,We are supposed to meet to discuss abt our trip... Thought xuhui told you? In the afternoon. Thought we can go for lesson after that
ham,Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
ham,Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
ham,You do your studies alone without anyones help. If you cant no need to study.
ham,Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
ham,U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
ham,Ok.
ham,I dont want to hear anything
ham,Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham,"You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!"
spam,Moby Pub Quiz.Win a å£100 High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to 82277.unsub STOP å£1.50 008704050406 SP Arrow
spam,The current leading bid is 151. To pause this auction send OUT. Customer Care: 08718726270
ham,Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
ham,Yeah do! Don‰Û÷t stand to close tho- you‰Û÷ll catch something!
ham,"U wake up already? Wat u doing? U picking us up later rite? I'm taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. U can check e arrival time. C ya soon..."
spam,**FREE MESSAGE**Thanks for using the Auction Subscription Service. 18 . 150p/MSGRCVD 2 Skip an Auction txt OUT. 2 Unsubscribe txt STOP CustomerCare 08718726270
spam,Marvel Mobile Play the official Ultimate Spider-man game (å£4.50) on ur mobile right now. Text SPIDER to 83338 for the game & we ll send u a FREE 8Ball wallpaper
ham,Me i'm not workin. Once i get job...
ham,We are both fine. Thanks
ham,"Im sorry bout last nite it wasnåÕt ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U 4give me? I think u shldxxxx"
ham,Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
ham,U definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? U wan 2 take other modules 1st?
ham,I liked your new house
ham,"Night sweet, sleep well! I've just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs! "
ham,How much i gave to you. Morning.
ham,\CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL8R
ham,For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
ham,Nope but i'll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
ham,Thank you princess! You are so sexy...
spam,"Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994"
ham,Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
ham,Dai  &lt;#&gt;  naal eruku.
ham,That is wondarfull song
ham,Cause I'm not freaky lol
ham,K:)k..its good:)when are you going?
ham,Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
spam,Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham,I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
ham,Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
ham,Dude how do you like the buff wind.
ham,K I'll call you when I'm close
ham,Ok lor...
ham,Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
ham,That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
ham,E admin building there? I might b slightly earlier... I'll call u when i'm reaching...
ham,The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
ham,"I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?"
ham,"Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?"
ham,R u here yet? I'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
ham,U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
ham,I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
ham,"Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?"
ham,"Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!"
ham,ÌÏ go home liao? Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
ham,Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
spam,Do you want a new video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half Price Line Rental? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
spam,You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham,R Ì_ comin back for dinner?
ham,So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
spam,Your next amazing xxx PICSFREE1 video will be sent to you enjoy! If one vid is not enough for 2day text back the keyword PICSFREE1 to get the next video.
ham,What you doing?how are you?
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,I can send you a pic if you like :)
ham,"Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India."
ham,Carlos says he'll be at mu in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham,"HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X."
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
spam,Hi if ur lookin 4 saucy daytime fun wiv busty married woman Am free all next week Chat now 2 sort time 09099726429 JANINExx Callså£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham,Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
ham,S.this will increase the chance of winning.
ham,Are there TA jobs available? Let me know please cos i really need to start working
ham,I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something ‰ÛÒ sound ok?
ham,Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
ham,Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
ham,How have your little darlings been so far this week? Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already ‰Û_
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Yun ah.now Ì_ wkg where?btw if Ì_ go nus sc. ÌÏ wana specialise in wad?
ham,"Sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me."
ham,I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
ham,"Haha awesome, omw back now then"
spam,Freemsg: 1-month unlimited free calls! Activate SmartCall Txt: CALL to No: 68866. Subscriptn3gbp/wk unlimited calls Help: 08448714184 Stop?txt stop landlineonly
ham,"\NOT ENUFCREDEIT TOCALL.SHALL ILEAVE UNI AT 6 +GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?\"""""
ham,Ok.
spam,Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or å£250 cash every wk. Txt POD to 84128 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham,Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
ham,How come she can get it? Should b quite diff to guess rite...
ham,I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
ham,For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
ham,Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
spam,"5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, å£3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870."
ham,Okie.. Thanx..
ham,Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
ham,cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
ham,2marrow only. Wed at  &lt;#&gt;  to 2 aha.
ham,Why didn't u call on your lunch?
ham,What you did in  leave.
ham,Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham,Full heat pa:-) i have applyed oil pa.
ham,That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
ham,Did you stitch his trouser
ham,My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 078498****7 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180219 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires 06.05.05
ham,I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
ham,Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
ham,That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins Half Price Line Rental Camcorder Reply or call 08000930705
ham,twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
ham,The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
ham,Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
ham,"Like  &lt;#&gt; , same question"
ham,I'm not. She lip synced with shangela.
ham,Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham,You know what hook up means right?
ham,Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
ham,IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx
ham,Then why no one talking to me
ham,They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
spam,You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
ham,K..k.:)congratulation ..
ham,"Thanx. Yup we coming back on sun. Finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. Time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. Hope we'll haf many more mths to come..."
ham,Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
ham,"Sure, whenever you show the fuck up &gt;:("
ham,"Nah, I'm a perpetual DD"
ham,"Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ..."
ham,Don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
ham,Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
ham,Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
ham,1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
ham,"Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out"
ham,I can take you at like noon
ham,I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
ham,Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
ham,Match started.india  &lt;#&gt;  for 2
ham,"Good! No, don‰Û÷t need any receipts‰ÛÓwell done! (‰Û_) Yes, please tell . What‰Û÷s her number, i could ring her"
spam,"Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply."
ham,So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
ham,"Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs"
ham,Yo theres no class tmrw right?
spam,"0A$NETWORKS allow companies to bill for SMS, so they are responsible for their \suppliers\"""
ham,I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
ham,Wat's da model num of ur phone?
spam,"SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= ***** unsubscribe with STOP. no extra charge. help:08700469649. PO BOX420. IP4 5WE"
ham,Mm i am on the way to railway
spam,U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham,The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
ham,HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!x
ham,"Very strange.  and  are watching the 2nd one now but i'm in bed. Sweet dreams, miss u "
ham,Not yet. Just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. By the way how ru and how is the house?
ham,Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window
ham,If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
ham,S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
ham,Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
ham,\Keep ur problems in ur heart
ham,I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
ham,What you need. You have a person to give na.
ham,"Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u.."
ham,No current and food here. I am alone also
ham,K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
ham,"My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,Umma. Did she say anything
ham,Do you always celebrate NY's with your family ?
ham,Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
ham,Not able to do anything.
ham,Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
ham,Well she's in for a big surprise!
ham,"Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head‰Û_ Speak soon! "
ham,They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
ham,"If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around"
ham,I'm on the bus. Love you
ham,I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
ham,It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham,Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham,"Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e"
ham,In da car park 
ham,Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham,Aight should I just plan to come up later tonight?
ham,U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
ham,Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham,Check audrey's status right now
ham,What type of stuff do you sing?
spam,You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+ 
ham,2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
ham,Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
ham,I'm done oredi...
ham,"Tick, tick, tick ... Babe"
spam,"Twinks, bears, scallies, skins and jocks are calling now. Don't miss the weekend's fun. Call 08712466669 at 10p/min. 2 stop texts call 08712460324(nat rate)"
spam,Missed call alert. These numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
ham,"Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?"
ham,Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
ham,R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
ham,Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
ham,K... Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
ham,And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
ham,"Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha."
spam,"Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic "
ham,Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
spam,"Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK, PO Box 113, Bray, Wicklow, Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop"
ham,Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham,She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
ham,Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
ham,Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
ham,I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
ham,Anything lor... U decide...
ham,"Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts"
ham,You want to go? 
ham,Big brother‰Û÷s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
ham,Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham,"Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while &amp; found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up &amp; he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:\Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night"""
ham,I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
ham,Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
ham,Can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
ham,Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
ham,Jay says that you're a double-faggot
ham,They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
ham,You know there is. I shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
ham,"Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload"
ham,Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
ham,Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
ham,Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
ham,"Omw back to tampa from west palm, you hear what happened?"
ham,Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
spam,"Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16"
spam,We have new local dates in your area - Lots of new people registered in YOUR AREA. Reply DATE to start now! 18 only www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
ham,Neshanth..tel me who r u?
ham,Where are you call me.
ham,I want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
ham,Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham,Gettin rdy to ship comp
ham,Carry on not disturbing both of you
ham,Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham,"Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea"
ham,Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
ham,Er mw im filled tuth is aight
ham,I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
ham,All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham,I will see in half an hour
ham,HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
ham,Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
ham,Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
ham,Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham,Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
ham,Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
ham,Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,"\Hi darlin did youPhone me? Im atHome if youwanna chat.\"""""
ham,"Excellent, I'll see what riley's plans are"
ham,what are your new years plans?
ham,Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.
ham,She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
ham,Fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
spam,Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674
spam,A link to your picture has been sent. You can also use http://alto18.co.uk/wave/wave.asp?o=44345
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham,"U need my presnts always bcz U cant mis love. \jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham\"" prakasam ennal prabha 'That mns prabha is'LOVE' Got it. Dont mis me...."""
ham,MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
spam,Call 09095350301 and send our girls into erotic ecstacy. Just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham,Did u got that persons story
ham,"Haha awesome, I might need to take you up on that, what you doin tonight?"
spam,<Forwarded from 88877>FREE entry into our å£250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 88877 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com
ham,You are right though. I can't give you the space you want and need. This is really starting to become an issue. I was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. But maybe you are ready and should do it now.
spam,"Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. å£1.50 increments. Help08718728876"
ham,My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
ham,If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham,"If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)"
ham,No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
ham,Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
ham,O was not into fps then.
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,"I‰Û÷ll leave around four, ok?"
ham,"Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back"
ham,K:)all the best:)congrats...
ham,Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
ham,Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  &lt;#&gt; ish?
ham,"Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  &lt;EMAIL&gt; ,kerala"
ham,V skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; If i dont make it hav gd night
ham,They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
ham,"It,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! Lool!"
spam,Natalja (25/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-440 or NO-440 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/nat27081980 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham,K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham,Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
ham,"Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way"
ham,i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham,I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
ham,"I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?"
ham,Booked ticket for pongal?
ham,Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed.
ham,Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
ham,Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
ham,"Jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. Foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)"
ham,"Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later"
ham,Wat r u doing?
ham,R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
ham,Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
ham,U still going to the mall?
ham,Ok that's great thanx a lot.
ham,This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
ham,Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
spam,"Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or å£1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*å£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ"
ham,Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
ham,Am okay. Will soon be over. All the best
ham,Try to do something dear. You read something for exams
ham,"How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?"
ham,Ok.
ham,Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
spam,Thanks for the Vote. Now sing along with the stars with Karaoke on your mobile. For a FREE link just reply with SING now.
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,"Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The \sleep on a couch\"" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?"""
ham,\Si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also boughtåÓbraindanceåÓa comp.ofstuff on aphexåÕs ;abel
ham,"I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex"
ham,So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
ham,Where @
ham,Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ham,Me fine..absolutly fine
ham,ÌÏ called dad oredi...
ham,My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
ham,Ok i wont call or disturb any one. I know all are avoiding me. I am a burden for all
ham,I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love...
ham,Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
ham,Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
ham,East coast
spam,You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
ham,"She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,"
ham,"Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,Great. Have a safe trip. Dont panic surrender all.
spam,Congratulations U can claim 2 VIP row A Tickets 2 C Blu in concert in November or Blu gift guaranteed Call 09061104276 to claim TS&Cs www.smsco.net costå£3.75max 
ham,"How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea"
ham,Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
ham,Midnight at the earliest
ham,In meeting da. I will call you
ham,I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham,Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls.
ham,Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
ham,"Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do"
ham,Water logging in desert. Geoenvironmental implications.
ham,Shall call now dear having food
ham,U havenåÕt lost me ill always b here 4u.i didnåÕt intend 2 hurt u but I never knew how u felt about me when Iwas+marine&thatåÕs what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
ham,Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
ham,"Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago"
ham,When you are big..| God will bring success.
ham,Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
spam,"For ur chance to win å£250 cash every wk TXT: PLAY to 83370. T's&C's www.music-trivia.net custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk."
ham,Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham,Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
ham,I'm in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
ham,Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham,Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
spam,"FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 å£3/wk"
ham,Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
ham,Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
spam,"Call 09094100151 to use ur mins! Calls cast 10p/min (mob vary). Service provided by AOM, just GBP5/month. AOM Box61,M60 1ER until u stop. Ages 18+ only!"
ham,Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,"This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08718726970 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate "
ham,Oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
ham, and  picking them up from various points
ham,What about this one then.
ham,IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
ham,Aight well keep me informed
ham,"If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to"
ham,Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
spam,18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham,"Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me"
ham,Should i send you naughty pix? :)
ham,"Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with"
ham,Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
ham,"God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U"
ham,Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
ham,Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
ham,"Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng."
spam,You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham,Do you work all this week ?
ham,Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
ham,Sac will score big hundred.he is set batsman:-)
spam,HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham,When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
spam,Ringtone Club: Gr8 new polys direct to your mobile every week !
ham, &lt;DECIMAL&gt; m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. PoBox45W2TG150P"
ham,Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
ham,Oi when you gonna ring
ham,I'm serious. You are in the money base
spam,"Your account has been credited with 500 FREE Text Messages. To activate, just txt the word: CREDIT to No: 80488 T&Cs www.80488.biz"
ham,"Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done"
ham,"It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting"
spam,SMS AUCTION - A BRAND NEW Nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! Auction is FREE 2 join & take part! Txt NOKIA to 86021 now!
ham,Cuz ibored. And don wanna study
ham,"Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her"
ham,Quite lor. But dun tell him wait he get complacent...
ham,make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
ham,Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
ham,Are you this much buzy
ham,Got it..mail panren paru..
ham,"Neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. All fine with me! Not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols"
ham,How dare you change my ring
ham,Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
ham,Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days
ham,But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
ham,Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
spam,Ur TONEXS subscription has been renewed and you have been charged å£4.50. You can choose 10 more polys this month. www.clubzed.co.uk *BILLING MSG*
ham,Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
ham,Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
ham,Y bishan lei... I tot Ì_ say lavender? 
ham,"K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure"
ham,"not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town"
ham,Dun b sad.. It's over.. Dun thk abt it already. Concentrate on ur other papers k.
spam,HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham,Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
spam,"Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+ "
ham,No drama Pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.No reason why there should be an ego of not going 'IF NOT INVITED' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
ham,"House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?"
ham,ÌÏ wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
ham,Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
ham,So are you guys asking that i get that slippers again or its gone with last year
ham,"Oh, the grand is having a bit of a party but it doesn't mention any cover charge so it's probably first come first served"
spam,Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham,Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
ham,Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
ham,Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham,For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Petrol-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Beer-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
spam,wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the UKs largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp å£1.50/msg.
ham,I thk Ì_ gotta go home by urself. Cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present. 
ham,My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
ham,"Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?"
ham,"Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?"
ham,You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
ham,If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
ham,Have you not finished work yet or something?
ham,I havent lei.. Next mon can?
spam,Santa calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas Eve? Call 09077818151 to book you time. Calls1.50ppm last 3mins 30s T&C www.santacalling.com
ham,"Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng"
ham,Anything lar...
ham,Aiyo please Ì_ got time meh.
spam,I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham,"No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second"
spam,74355 XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either å£500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r å£100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC
ham,Dear got bus directly to calicut
ham,"its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?"
ham,HI DARLIN ITS KATE ARE U UP FOR DOIN SOMETHIN TONIGHT? IM GOING TO A PUB CALLED THE SWAN OR SOMETHING WITH MY PARENTS FOR ONE DRINK SO PHONE ME IF U CAN
ham,And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
ham,Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
ham,How much you got for cleaning
ham,Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
ham,Am watching house ‰ÛÒ very entertaining ‰ÛÒ am getting the whole hugh laurie thing ‰ÛÒ even with the stick ‰ÛÒ indeed especially with the stick.
ham,"I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!"
ham,So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
ham,You're gonna have to be way more specific than that
spam,Collect your VALENTINE'S weekend to PARIS inc Flight & Hotel + å£200 Prize guaranteed! Text: PARIS to No: 69101. www.rtf.sphosting.com
ham,I'm meeting Darren...
ham,"The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run."
ham,Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham,If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
spam,Valentines Day Special! Win over å£1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201
ham,Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
ham,Where to get those?
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm"
ham,Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
ham,No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
ham,She's fine. Sends her greetings
ham,"Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word"
ham,"Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?"
ham,No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
ham,I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
ham,You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
ham,"K, wat s tht incident?"
spam,SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham,Dear good morning now only i am up
ham,Why de. You looking good only:-)..
spam,"449050000301 You have won a å£2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301."
ham,"awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah"
ham,Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
ham,So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
ham,Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
spam,Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
ham,Yeah whatever lol
ham,Can i get your opinion on something first?
spam,Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time.
ham,I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
ham,Wat time r Ì_ going to xin's hostel?
ham,Sleeping nt feeling well
ham,Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham,I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
ham,I'll meet you in the lobby
ham,THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
ham,Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
ham,IM GONNAMISSU SO MUCH!!I WOULD SAY IL SEND U A POSTCARD BUTTHERES ABOUTAS MUCH CHANCE OF MEREMEMBERIN ASTHERE IS OFSI NOT BREAKIN HIS CONTRACT!! LUV Yaxx
spam,"Hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. Call 08718730555 just 10p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Just sleeping..and surfing
spam,URGENT We are trying to contact you Last weekends draw shows u have won a å£1000 prize GUARANTEED Call 09064017295 Claim code K52 Valid 12hrs 150p pm
ham,No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
ham,Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
ham,yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
ham,S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
ham,Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
ham,You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham,I am back. Good journey! Let me know if you need any of the receipts. Shall i tell you like the pendent?
spam,Our brand new mobile music service is now live. The free music player will arrive shortly. Just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
ham,"8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try"
ham,Are you wet right now?
ham,"Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later"
ham,Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
ham,Rats. Hey did u ever vote for the next themes?
ham,Sorry that was my uncle. I.ll keep in touch
ham,"She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though"
ham,R u over scratching it?
ham,Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
ham,That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
ham,Noice. Text me when you're here
ham,Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
ham,"Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome"
ham,A cute thought for friendship: \Its not necessary to share every secret with ur close Frnd
ham,Can... I'm free...
ham,He said i look pretty wif long hair wat. But i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
spam,U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08718727870150ppm
ham,K..i deleted my contact that why?
ham,Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look.
ham,Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
ham,Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx
ham,I'm done. C Ì_ there.
spam,"Loan for any purpose å£500 - å£75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'"
ham,Hi Petey!noiåÕm ok just wanted 2 chat coz avent spoken 2 u 4 a long time-hope ur doin alrite.have good nit at js love ya am.x
ham,Ok can...
ham,Oops. 4 got that bit.
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001295 from land line. Claim A21. Valid 12hrs only
ham,"Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ..."
ham,How are you. Wish you a great semester
ham,"Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?"
ham,"I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop"
ham,"Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep."
spam,SMS. ac sun0819 posts HELLO:\You seem cool
ham,Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
ham,I have to take exam with march 3
ham,I am on the way to tirupur.
ham,"Well, I was about to give up cos they all said no they didn‰Û÷t do one nighters. I persevered and found one but it is very cheap so i apologise in advance. It is just somewhere to sleep isnt it?"
ham,Ya it came a while ago
ham,Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
ham,ÌÏ comin to fetch us oredi...
ham,That's the way you should stay oh.
ham,Oh you got many responsibilities.
ham,In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
ham,Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
ham,"\Im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?\"""""
ham,"I'm there and I can see you, but you can't see me ? Maybe you should reboot ym ? I seen the buzz"
spam,goldviking (29/M) is inviting you to be his friend. Reply YES-762 or NO-762 See him: www.SMS.ac/u/goldviking STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam,"Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone becausethey fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09058098002. PoBox1, W14RG 150p"
ham,"K, makes sense, btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas"
ham,What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
ham,I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
ham,Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
spam,Enjoy the jamster videosound gold club with your credits for 2 new videosounds+2 logos+musicnews! get more fun from jamster.co.uk! 16+only Help? call: 09701213186 
ham,MMM ... Fuck .... Merry Christmas to me
ham,Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
ham,"House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office.."
ham,Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
ham,"Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!"
ham,Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham,Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham,Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham,"FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,What's nannys address?
spam,Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
ham,"Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May"
ham,Yes we were outside for like 2 hours. And I called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
ham,"Whats that coming over the hill..... Is it a monster! Hope you have a great day. Things r going fine here, busy though! "
ham,Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
ham,Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham,There are many company. Tell me the language.
ham,The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
ham,"Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao..."
ham,So what do you guys do.
ham,K.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
ham,"Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng"
ham,"Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!"
ham,Yeah get the unlimited
ham,Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
ham,You still coming tonight?
ham,How much u trying to get?
ham,Kent vale lor... ÌÏ wait 4 me there ar?
ham,But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
ham,Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
spam,"Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\"" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML"
ham,Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham,That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
ham,Webpage s not available!
ham,My sister going to earn more than me da.
ham,You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
ham,on hen night. Going with a swing
ham,The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly \what i want to do
ham,Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick Ì_ up at 4 is it?
ham,"Yun ah.the ubi one say if Ì_ wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.Ì¬n"
ham,"I'll see, but prolly yeah"
ham,Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
ham,I'm leaving my house now...
spam,"Today's Offer! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. å£3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X"
ham,Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
ham,Hope you are having a great day.
ham,Mum not going robinson already.
ham,"Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?"
ham,"Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later."
ham,Yup ok...
ham,Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
ham,He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
ham,"Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next"
ham,"Yo, call me when you get the chance, a friend of mine wanted me to ask you about a big order"
ham,We don call like  &lt;#&gt;  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
ham,"How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester"
ham,Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
ham,Ok ill send you with in  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ok.
ham,"&lt;#&gt; , that's all? Guess that's easy enough"
spam,"I want some cock! My hubby's away, I need a real man 2 satisfy me. Txt WIFE to 89938 for no strings action. (Txt STOP 2 end, txt rec å£1.50ea. OTBox 731 LA1 7WS. )"
ham,I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ham,"sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay."
ham,Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
ham,"Oh... Haha... Den we shld had went today too... Gee, nvm la... Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... Scared hiphop open cant catch up... "
spam,For taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! You can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send TXT to 80160 T&C www.txt43.com 1.50p
ham,"\Life is nothing wen v get everything\"". But \""life is everything wen v miss something \"". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng"""
ham,Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
ham,Boooo you always work. Just quit.
ham,Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
ham,Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
ham,Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
ham,My battery is low babe
ham,"Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done."
spam,it to 80488. Your 500 free text messages are valid until 31 December 2005.
spam,Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth å£33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
ham,Hey i'm bored... So i'm thinking of u... So wat r u doing?
ham,Do you like Italian food?
ham,Yeh. Indians was nice. Tho it did kane me off a bit he he. We shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. Mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. Love Pete x x
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham,Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind Ì_...
ham,U know we watchin at lido?
ham,Hui xin is in da lib.
ham,U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
ham,Please ask mummy to call father
ham,And of course you should make a stink!
ham,They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
ham,Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  &lt;#&gt;  for me.
ham,"Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING"
ham,"Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack"
ham,HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
ham,What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm"
ham,"Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , I'll text you details in a wee bit"
ham,.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
ham,Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
ham,Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
ham,"Sir, good morning. Hope you had a good weekend. I called to let you know that i was able to raise  &lt;#&gt;  from my dad. He however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. This amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. Do have a good day. Abiola"
ham,"Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop."
spam,A å£400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a å£400 reward. Just call 09066380611 
ham,Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
ham,Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
ham,Sounds great! Im going to sleep now. Have a good night!
ham,ÌÏ eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei... ÌÏ going home first? 
ham,I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
spam,FreeMsg Today's the day if you are ready! I'm horny & live in your town. I love sex fun & games! Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham,"Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*"
ham,Wat time u finish ur lect today?
ham,"Sir, I am waiting for your mail."
ham,"Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park."
ham,"Received, understood n acted upon!"
ham,"Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry ‰Û_ Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!"
ham,Just finished eating. Got u a plate. NOT leftovers this time.
ham,Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
ham,Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
